1 April 2015: Set up git repository for emulator and prototype.
7 April 2015: Updated README to include repository set up instructions and
              added collaborator list.
15 April 2015: Added git branch instructions           


Collaborators:
- Isabel Baltazar - ifbalta@github.com
- Lennox Huang    - lennsum@github.com
- Raeciel Reyes  - raeciel@github.com
- Huijun Zhou - HuijunZhou@github.com

Setting up Git on your computer:
        1. Download Git and/or GitHub GUI
        2. On the command line, type
           git config --global user.name "Your Name"
           git config -- global user.email "Your Email"

Setting up your copy

Getting a copy of  the git repo:

        1. Get a git account and download the GitHub GUI or Git bash
        2. Tell me your username or add your username to the list so
        that I can add you to the list of collaborators.
        3. Type 'git clone
        https://github.com/ifbalta/COSC345---Emulator-and-Prototype.git'
        into the command line or use the GitHub IDE.
        This command will create a folder called
        “COSC345--Emulator-and-Prototype” in your local directory
        and create a local copy of the repository.
        4. All done.

Adding changes:
      Note: If this is a new file, you must track the file first using :
               'git add filename'

      1. git commit -a
         This command adds all modified tracked files to the git repo.
         This command will ask for a comment of your changes using VIM.
         Just use :wq to save your comment.
      2. git push
         This command will push your changes to the repository

Ensuring that you have the updated version:
         1. git pull
         Pulls the most recent additions to the master branch

Creating a new branch:
         1. git checkout -b your_branch_name
         2. git push origin your_branch_name
         3. Tell everybody else about it.

Checking out a branch:
         1. Clone the master branch
         2. git checkout -b branch-name origin/branch-name
         3. Done!